🐛(LMSHandler) check resource_link matches lms COURSE_REGEX (#1196)
openfun/richie: CHANGELOG.md

### Fixed

- Fix an issue about PaginateSearchCourse layout

> - Prevent enrollment failure if resource_link do not match COURSE_REGEX

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Prevent enrollment failure if a course run's resource link does not match the course regex
```
